in the most storied city in the world
lives one man who can truly call men hat
in his home
rise and shine Jake rise and shine hey
Jake was heaven this is my house New
York City modern-day reg register huh me
and I'm on top of the world well well
well if it isn't the homeless book work
you know you don't qualify for a card
here I'm working on that do you have an
address yet and still another who feels
like a stranger wherever he goes hey an
end Cameron Cameron down we'd be will
educate oh how to meet people on it with
seemingly everything to live for but now
is without anywhere to turn needs a
better straighten him up boo you all
right leave me alone a crack in the pot
sleeping in trees keep sleeping on a
tree yeah Manny's earlier I can end face
the general family I am ashamed to tell
the truth when they're unlikely
franchise formed a unique way of life
will be uncovered register imma drops
that's it that's the only way you make
money no one make things will Lynch like
I owe you man I'm gonna make sure you do
this right you owe me for I'm coming
like a football man out there is rigged
a tough ball though you don't know the
first day and money what if you made a
couple of bucks and some shake let's
reality all that with your drum
thanks for being such a good friend
making I said about being your
friend all right I was just trying to
return the babe his was a life no one
ever thought possible or even to exist
oh yeah but if you got going for you
look at what Moke in any manner so you
guys have it all figured out yet Beth
back we got it all a life lived and an
elusive story that has remained untold
hours well then I jumped ship humming
still that ever since so this is open
whatever have that camera duck crazy
fool
you were the only person he ever called
his friend all right call it more of a
business relationship but making me feel
like a prisoner my own home you know I
could have chosen anybody lucky me a man
unknowingly holding the answer to what
one man has been missing and everyone
has been searching for
I don't want to dab man like living too
much
in his search for the man with nothing
he found everything out here I'm the
richest man in the world